Hello and welcome to this new editorial.
All right let's take a step back at what we've done so far in this part three trainings sectors like
model.
First we said all the hype of parameters and we chose a value for each of them which is not our final
decision but some values for a first try then we defined a session here by creating an object of the
interactive session class and that will be the session used for the training.
Then we loaded all the model inputs including the inputs to target the learning rate and to keep probability.
And then just in the previews to Soyer we set the sequence length by choosing a maximum size of the
sequence equal to 25.
And that is because we're going to soon use our set to signal function to get our cell to say moral.
And since one of the arguments of this function is the sequence length we needed to prepare this sequence
length variable and now just before we were ready to use this stick to sick model function to get the
training predictions and the test predictions we just need to get the shape of the input sensor.
Right now our inputs are in the tensor attentively tensor but we need to get the shape of these input
because again this will be one of the arguments of one specific function we'll use for the training.
This basic function is actually the ones that function by tens of flow that basically creates a tensor
of ones and the dimensions of this tensor is going to be exactly the shape that's why we need to get
it now is because it's going to become the argument of this future ones function will use just like
what we did for this sequence length which is going to be the argument of the SEC the SEC moral function.
All right so let's get the shape of the input sensor.
We're going to call this shape input underscore shape and to get this shape.
Well there is nothing more simple.
We first need to get a sense of low library and then we're going to use the shape function which takes
as argument a tensor and returns the shape of this tensor.
And therefore since the tensor we're dealing with here and what we want to get the shape of is our input.
We will simply enter our input and there we go.
We get the input shape perfect.
So let's execute this done in put shape created.
All right.
Perfect.
So now eventually we are ready to use our SEC to say well function to get our training predictions and
our test predictions.
And so that's exactly what we'll get in the next tutorial.
And until then I depend on the.